How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It sped up the process. I didn't have to scan two files line by line.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
I can fearlessly make changes to programs without worrying about mistakes. If I made a mistake, I can just
bring back a previous working version.  I also don't have to worry about computer crashing and losing all
my work.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros: You can commit important changes.  Auto saved makes it hard to distinguish which changes are important.
Cons: People have different interpretations on when it is a good time to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Some vc systems allow saving multiple files in one commit because files are related to each other.  They are like pieces to a puzzle.  Code typically has
related files.  Other vc systems treat each file separately because they may be focused on just regular documents (not code).

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log shows you the history of commits(versions) of the files in the repository.
git diff shows you what changed beween the commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
If you make a mistake and things don't work as well anymore, you can just checkout an older commit.  You have everything as they were when things worked: related
and unrelated files(dependencies) are restored.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use git for version control of my projects, a secure way of saving my work (if computer crashes and I lose local files), and github.